Please answer the following questions.
1. How long did it take you to solve the problem?
I gave around 3-4 days to solve/optimize the problem (with 4-5 hours of sitting per day)

2. What software language and libraries did you use to solve the problem? Why did you
choose these languages/libraries?
I used python to solve this task. Here is the list of libraries I have chosen to accomplish this task
  pandas        to do analysis on the dataset
  matplotlib    to plot graphs how the loss function is behaving for every epoc
  seaborn       to plot how salary is varied with different column in the dataset
  sklearn       to see how well this dataset is working with various liner regression models
  xgboost       an ensamble learning method to see how well is performing on the dataset
  lightgbm      A gradient boosting framework to see how well is performing on the dataset
  keras         used for building neural network to work with the non linearity in the dataset

3. What steps did you take to prepare the data for the project? Was any cleaning necessary?
  a. merge the train_features and train_salaries data frame on the common column of job-id
  b. plot the distribution of salary with the column containing categorical values like
      companyId
      jobType
      degree
      major
      industry
  c. used the above plots to ignore the features having least impact on the salary

  d. Added extra column 'Type' with all values set to 'Train' on the above data frame
  e. Added extra column 'Type' with all values set to 'Test' on the above test data frame
  f. Added extra column 'salary' with all values set to '0' on the above data frame
  g. Combine the 2 data frame together so that same cleaning steps can be applied on test and train data frame
  h. Check if any of the columns in the above data frame contains null values or not.

4. a) What machine learning method did you apply?
    I used keras sequential model to add multiple neural network layers with 'relu' activation function
    to solve this problem.
b) Why did you choose this method?
    I earlier tried various Linear Regression or Random forest approach to solve this problem, but
    they were not able to get the desired results because liner models are fails to capture the
    non-linearity in the dataset
c) What other methods did you consider?
    I tried the following methods before jumping to use neural network to solve this problem
    c.1 Lasso (sklearn liner model)
    c.2 ElasticNet (sklearn liner model)
    c.3 GradientBoostingRegressor (sklearn ensamble methods)
    c.4 XGBRegressor (from xgboost)
    c.5 LGBMRegressor (from lightgbm)

5. Describe how the machine learning method that you chose works.
  I am using neural network architecture to solve this problem. We add multiple layers (with varying sizes)
  having an activation function (to capture the non-linearity) in each layer.

  The input to the 1st layer of the network is the dataset itself and the input to the subsequent layers
  is the output of the previous layers. It basically is a 2 step process one we call feed-forward step
  and the other we call back-propagation that corrects the neural network weights at each layer.

  We do this for multiple epocs/steps until the network starts to overfit the data

6. Was any encoding or transformation of features necessary? If so, what
encoding/transformation did you use?
  There are some categorical features in the dataset for example - 'jobType', 'degree', 'major'
  and 'industry'. I used pandas get_dummies function on the above features to convert categorical
  variable into dummy/indicator variables

7. Which features had the greatest impact on salary? How did you identify these to be
most significant? Which features had the least impact on salary? How did you identify
these?

  Features with the greatest impact on the salary - milesFromMetropolis & yearsOfExperince
  Features with the least impact on the salary - companyId

  I have identified these by plotting histograms for these features against the salary values (code in GitHub)

8. How did you train your model? During training, what issues concerned you?
  I used keras sequential model.fit to train my model. I used mean_squared_error as my loss function
  and trained the model for 100 epocs and used 'adam' optimizer to solve the problem.

  Durning training I tried to use a separate loss function - root mean squared error. For this I
  created my custom loss function like This

      def rmse(y_true, y_pred):
          from keras import backend
          return np.abs(backend.sqrt(backend.mean(backend.square(y_pred - y_true), axis=-1)))

  But using this loss function results in getting "nan" in the rsme error. I search on the net on
  fixing this issue but found out that other people have also faced similar issue in the past.
  This issue has something to do with Keras library (al tough the reasons are unknown).

9. a) Please estimate the RMSE that your model will achieve on the test dataset.
      Expected RSME on the test dataset would be around 18.5
b) How did you create this estimate?
      I reserved 20% of the training data for validation purpose and I am getting around the same
      RSME error for the validation set

10. What metrics, other than RMSE, would be useful for assessing the accuracy of salary
estimates? Why?

    I have chosen MSE to train the model. RSME is calculated by taking the square root of MSE
    Apart from this we can also use R-squared error.

    In R-squared we have a baseline model. This model uses the mean of the observed responses
    of dependent variable Y and always predicts this mean as the value of Y.

    Any regression model that we fit is compared to this baseline model to understand it’s goodness of fit.

    Basically R-squared error explains how good is your model when compared to the baseline model
